[Document]Update scp file path and improve README (#49)
ni/NI-ELVIS-III-Python-Examples: README.md

    - Option 1: Transfer files through scp.

      ```
      scp -r NI-ELVIS-III-Python-Examples-master/ admin@172.22.11.2:/home/admin/
      ```

      *Note:*
        - **Password**: (Blank. There is no password by default.)</br>

>         - Make sure your command is the same as the example. You may have some issues in the coming steps if your command is different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Make sure your command is the same as the example name. Otherwise, you may encounter problems in the coming steps.
```

   ```
   cd NI-ELVIS-III-Python-Examples-master/
   ```
   

>    *Note:* If you cannot change your current directory to `NI-ELVIS-III-Python-Examples-master/`, enter the following command to list the contents in the `/home/admin` directory. The displayed files should include **NI-ELVIS-III-Python-Examples-master/**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Note:* If you cannot change your current directory to `NI-ELVIS-III-Python-Examples-master/`, enter the following command to access the contents in the `/home/admin` directory. You should be able to find **NI-ELVIS-III-Python-Examples-master/** among the listed files.
```
